added the use for scikit-learn (#9806)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/machine-learning/tutorials/python-ski-rental-linear-regression-train-model.md

> * Part three of this tutorial assumes you have completed [part one](python-ski-rental-linear-regression.md) and its prerequisites.
> 
> ! pip install scikit-learn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Part three of this tutorial assumes you have completed [part one](python-ski-rental-linear-regression.md) and its prerequisites, including [installing the necessary Python packages](python-ski-rental-linear-regression.md#prerequisites).
```

## Train the model

In order to predict, you have to find a function (model) that best describes the dependency between the variables in our dataset. This called training the model. The training dataset will be a subset of the entire dataset from the pandas data frame `df` that you created in part two of this series.

You will train model `lin_model` using a linear regression algorithm.

```python

from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression

> from sklearn.metrics import mean_squared_error

Reviewer: should these be `sklearn` or `scikit-learn`, @AV25242?

Author: The class name has not changed, only the package name has changed. So the code would remain the same.
